Use correct `--mirrorPath` with mgradm (#3105)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Use proper --mirrorPath parameter in disconnected setup guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documented proper --mirrorPath parameter in disconnected setup chapter of
  the Administration Guide
```
Note: I like your phrase more, but our policy is such a past tense variant.
